ST 1
Trump of U.S. and Kim of North Korea are positive about their talks
President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un met on Tuesday, June 12. They met in Singapore, a country in Southeast Asia. They discussed plans to get rid of nuclear weapons in Korea. The leaders praised their face-to-face progress toward their goals. Trump faced questions at home about whether he got too little and gave away too much, though. Trump and Kim's meeting was the first of its kind. Some American presidents have met with North Korean leaders after leaving office. A president still in office has never before met with a North Korean leader, though. The meeting seemed unthinkable months earlier. The two nations had traded insults and nuclear warnings. The gathering of the two unpredictable leaders was risky for the American president. 

Google NMT output of ST1
美国的特朗普和朝鲜的金正日对他们的谈判持积极态度
唐纳德特朗普总统和朝鲜领导人金正恩于6月12日星期二会面。他们在东南亚的新加坡相遇。 他们讨论了在韩国摆脱核武器的计划。领导人称赞他们面向目标的面对面进展。特朗普在家里面临的问题是，他是否得到的太少，而且放弃了太多。特朗普和金的会面是同类中的第一次。一些美国总统在就职后会见了朝鲜领导人。不过，一位仍在职的总统从未见过朝鲜领导人。几个月前的会议似乎无法想象。这两个国家进行了侮辱和核警告。这两位不可预知的领导人的集会对美国总统来说是冒险的。

SYSTRAN NMT output of ST1
美国的北朝鲜的王牌和金是正面的关于他们的谈话
6月12日，在星期二联合国总统唐纳德・川普和北朝鲜的领导人金Jong见面了。他们在新加坡，一个国家见面了在东南亚。他们在韩国谈论计划摆脱核武器。领导称赞了他们面对面的进展往他们的目标。王牌在家面对问题关于他是否得到了太少并且给了太多，虽则。 王牌和金的会议是第一。一些美国总统会见北朝鲜的领导在辞去职位以后。一位总统在办公室以前从未仍然会见一位北朝鲜的领导，虽则。会议似乎前难以想象的月。两个国家换了侮辱和核警告。两位变化莫测的领导的汇聚为美国总统是危险的。 

ST 2 
People Protest Travel Ban
Trump proposed stopping all Muslims from entering the United States when he ran for president in 2015. The plan was criticized by both political parties. Within a week of taking office, the first travel ban was announced with little warning. People protested the rule across the nation.The travel limits have changed since then. They still remain a key part of Trump's "America First" vision, though. The president believes that the limits will make the United States safer from possibly dangerous foreigners.Critics of Trump's rule wanted the justices to repeat the decisions made in lower courts. The lower courts generally concluded that the law was still problematic and should not be in place.Judges in Hawaii and Maryland had blocked the travel ban from taking effect. The judges found that the new version looked too much like the old versions.

Google NMT output of ST2
人民抗议旅行禁令
特朗普提议在2015年竞选总统时阻止所有穆斯林进入美国。该计划受到两个政党的批评。在上任一周内，第一次旅行禁令被宣布，几乎没有任何警告。人们在全国范围内抗议这条规则。从那时起，旅行限制发生了变化。尽管如此，它们仍然是特朗普“美国第一”愿景的关键部分。总统认为，限制将使美国从可能危险的外国人更安全。特朗普统治的批评者希望法官重复下级法院的裁决。下级法院一般认为法律仍然存在问题，不应该到位。夏威夷和马里兰州的法官阻止旅行禁令生效。评委们发现新版本看起来与旧版本相似。

SYSTRAN NMT output of ST2
人抗议旅游禁令
在2015年，当他竞选总统王牌提议停止所有穆斯林从进入美国。计划由两个政党批评。在一个星期担任内职务，第一个旅游禁令宣布了与一点警告。人们全国各地抗议了规则。旅行极限从那以后改变了。他们首先仍然保持王牌的“美国”视觉的一个关键部分，虽则。总统相信极限由可能危险的外国人将使美国更加安全。 王牌的规则的评论家要法官重复在下院做的决定。下院通常认为，法律是有问题的，并且不应该到位。法官在夏威夷和马里兰阻拦了从起作用的旅游禁令。法官发现新版本看了太多象老版本。

ST3
Spielberg shows Beijing red card over Darfur
In a gesture sure to rattle the Chinese Government, Steven Spielberg pulled out of the Beijing Olympics to protest against China's backing for Sudan's policy in Darfur. His withdrawal comes in the wake of fighting flaring up again in Darfur and is set to embarrass China, which has sought to halt the negative fallout from having close ties to the Sudanese government. China, which has extensive investments in the Sudanese oil industry, maintains close links with the Government, which includes one minister charged with crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Court in The Hague. Although emphasizing that Khartoum bears the bulk of the responsibility for these ongoing atrocities, Spielberg maintains that the international community, and particularly China, should do more to end the suffering.

Google NMT output of ST3
斯皮尔伯格向达尔富尔展示北京红牌
斯蒂芬·斯皮尔伯格（Steven Spielberg）退出北京奥运会，抗议中国支持苏丹在达尔富尔的政策。他的退出是在达尔富尔再次爆发战斗之后，并将使中国陷入尴尬，中国试图阻止与苏丹政府关系密切的负面影响。中国对苏丹石油工业进行了大量投资，与政府保持密切联系，政府包括一名被海牙国际刑事法院指控犯有危害人类罪的部长。斯皮尔伯格虽然强调喀土穆承担着这些持续暴行的大部分责任，但他坚持认为，国际社会，特别是中国，应该采取更多措施来结束这些苦难。

SYSTRAN NMT output of ST3
施皮尔贝格显示北京在达尔富尔的红牌
在使中国政府窘迫不安的肯定姿态，斯蒂芬・斯皮尔伯格在达尔富尔退出北京奥林匹克抗议反对苏丹的政策的中国的依托。他的撤退由于战斗的再飘动来在达尔富尔和被设置使中国困窘，寻求制止从有密切联系的消极放射性微尘对苏丹人政府。中国，有广泛的投资在苏丹人石油工业，维护与政府的接近的链接，在海牙包括一位部长起诉罪行反对人类由国际刑事法院。虽然强调喀土穆承担责任的大多数这些持续的暴行的，施皮尔贝格主张国际特殊社会和中国，应该做更多结束痛苦。

ST 4 
Controversies and criticisms
Some critics argue that the prestige of the Prize in Economics derives in part from its association with the Nobel Prizes, an association that has often been a source of controversy. Among them is the Swedish human rights lawyer Peter Nobel, a great-grandnephew of Ludvig Nobel. Nobel criticizes the awarding institution of misusing his family's name, and states that no member of the Nobel family has ever had the intention of establishing a prize in economics. He explained that "Nobel despised people who cared more about profits than society's well-being", saying that "There is nothing to indicate that he would have wanted such a prize", and that the association with the Nobel prizes is "a PR coup by economists to improve their reputation".

Google NMT output of ST4
争议和批评
一些批评者认为，经济学奖的声望部分源于其与诺贝尔奖的关联，这一协会往往引起争议。 其中包括瑞典人权律师彼得·诺贝尔，他是Ludvig Nobel的伟大侄女。诺贝尔批评该授予机构滥用其家族的名称，并指出诺贝尔家族的任何成员都没有打算建立经济学奖。他解释说“诺贝尔鄙视那些更关心利润而不是社会福祉的人”，并说“没有任何迹象表明他会想要这样的奖品”，并且与诺贝尔奖的关联是“公关政变” 由经济学家提高他们的声誉“。

SYSTRAN NMT output of ST4
争论和批评 
有些评论家争辩说，奖的声望在经济的获得一部分从它的与诺贝尔奖的协会，经常是争论的来源的协会。在他们中是瑞典人权律师彼得诺贝尔， Ludvig诺贝尔的伟大甥外孙。诺贝尔批评误用的他的姓的授予的机关，并且阐明，诺贝尔家庭的亲属没有建立奖的意图在经济。他解释“诺贝尔藐视了对赢利比社会的福利更多关心”的人，称“没什么表明他会想要这样奖”，并且与诺贝尔奖的协会是“由改进的经济学家的一次PR突然行动他们的名誉”。
